About this game:
"This game is about Sam trying to garden his garden. Sam needs to garden his garden because the winter is
coming soon. In the winter, Sam will have no way to get food except by buying food from the store.
On your turn you will be able to do one of 9 things:
1. Go to the grocery store.
2. Go to the gardener's store.
3. Plant garden.
4. Wait for it to grow.
5. Tend garden.
6. Place traps and other things in the garden.
7. Call your friends.
8. Process food.
9. Learn about these actions.

About these actions:
1. Go to the store.
Going to the store allows you to buy anything you need. You can trade money for food (or food for money), or you can buy seeds or traps or fertilizer, etc. etc.
Health Ratio: 1
2. Plant garden.
Planting your garden allows you to deploy seeds into your garden. They will later grow if they are done
right. If they have no water, or they are planted too early, or too late, they will probably die.
Health Ratio: 1.5
3. Wait for it to grow.
Does nothing but wait for it to grow. EXCEPT if squirrels, pigs, bunnies, deer, or other things go for
the garden. Then it goes into another mode where you chase the offending animal. If you catch them, you can
have fresh meat. It will get bad though, unless you smoke it in the smokehouse.
Health Ratio: -2
4. Tend garden.
Water the garden, place fertilizer, till land, you can do any of these actions here.
Health Ratio: 1.25
5. Place traps and other things in the garden.
Places scarecrows or traps in the garden. You can get meat from animals stuck in the traps.
Health Ratio: 2
6. Call your friends.
Nels can come over and for a small sum improve your traps better. Tongorango can come over and he can
help you sell your produce higher. He may eat some, though.
Health Ratio: 0.5
7. Process food.
All the food will rot after a time. If you can or ferment produce or smoke or salt meat it will last much
longer.
Health Ratio: 0
8. Learn about these actions.
Shows this help screen.

All these actions take a toll on Sam's health. The stronger Sam is, the better he will be able to fight
squirrels and other animals. That is what the health ratio is.